c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Predicates.Members.dll.config
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Predicates.Members.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Predicates.Members.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\cms.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\controls.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\DotNetLicense.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Examine.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ImageProcessor.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\interfaces.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\MarkdownSharp.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Semver.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Core.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Core.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Core.Models.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.ExpressionEngine.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Licensing.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\uCondition.Models.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.editorControls.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\cms.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\controls.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Examine.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\interfaces.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\bin\Debug\UmbracoExamine.xml
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\obj\Debug\uCondition.Predicates.Members.dll
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\obj\Debug\uCondition.Predicates.Members.pdb
c:\users\nobby\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestCondition1\uCondition.Predicates.Members\obj\Debug\uCondition.Predicates.Members.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
